We love Jehovah's name and all that it stands for
When you look down at the comments for this morning
Go right down to the end to the last two sentences
The name Jehovah really is or inspiring
It includes all that our father is all that he has done and all that he will do
This paragraph is taken from an article with a theme
Unify my heart to fear your name
So how is Jehovah's name connected with reverential or and
godly fear
Let's explore that with the help of King David and the Apostle Paul
We begin in Psalm 19
David was a keen students of Jehovah's creation and he reported in Psalm 19 verse 1 what he'd seen
So do you have Psalm 19 verse 1?
The heavens are declaring the glory of God
The skies above proclaimed the work of his hands
David had been observing the sun by day and the moon and the stars by night
But he knew he was seeing more what he saw was the glory of God
The work of his hands
Now when David looked on a dark night at the sky
He may have seen something like this
He was enthralled by the beauty and the order of it all
With the help of modern technology
We see much more than David ever did and we were also aware that what we see is but a tiny fraction of all that Jehovah has made
When you think of what our creator has caused to become
How does it make you feel?
That is the sense of a reverential or and that's what David felt a
David took it one step further
He reasoned that the one who gave the laws that govern the sun moon and stars
Also gave laws to govern us
And how did he feel about those laws?
Look at verses seven and eight
Says the law of Jehovah is perfect restoring strength
The reminder of Jehovah's trust worthy making the inexperienced one wise
The orders from Jehovah are righteous causing the heart to rejoice
The commandment of Jehovah is clean making the eyes shine
See to David
Jehovah's laws were not simply our obligation to keep
They were part of Jehovah's handiwork. So what does the law giver Jehovah
Causes his obedient servants to become
Just look at his words again. He causes them to become people who are strong
wise
joyful
And with a clear spiritual vision
Now it is true the sun moon and stars have no choice but to obey God's laws
We do have a choice
But rarely would you ever want to do anything that would displease or disappoint your law giver
Never we really do want to please him and everything we do
So that takes us to our motive and there it is in verse nine
The fear of Jehovah is pure
lasting forever
So following David's train of thought we've gone from Jehovah's name and his handiwork
to reverential or
godly fear
And our role in the arrangement willing obedience
Let's take another example. This is one from Hebrews chapter 12
The Apostle Paul had been describing
To anointed Christians their place in Jehovah's arrangement
And here in Hebrews chapter 12 verses
22 and 23
He paints a picture
says to these anointed Christians
You have approached a Mount Zion
And the city of the living God heaven leads Jerusalem
And millions of angels in general assembly
And the congregation of the firstborn who've been enrolled in the heavens and God the judge of all
What an amazing scene
Do you have a clear picture in your mind of Jehovah's beautiful heavenly arrangement
Centres on the kingdom which is going to have such benefits for us on the earth
So what does our sovereign Jehovah cause to become
What does he cause his faithful servants
Jesus the 144,000 to become
When you meditate on that does it not in gender and you a sense of awe at everything that is associated with Jehovah's name and purpose
Meditate on it now you're ready to ask the next question
So what is
My role our role in this arrangement
Paul evidently anticipated the question
Because he goes on to talk about how all opposing kingdoms are going to be shaken out of existence
And then in verse 28 he says
therefore
Seeing that we are to receive a kingdom that cannot be shaken
For the anointed
They receive a kingdom by participating as rulers in that arrangement
For us with the earthly hope
We're going to be loyal subjects
Seeing that we are to receive a kingdom that cannot be shaken
Let us continue to receive undeserved kindness
Through which we may acceptably offer God sacred service with godly fear and awe
Our role sacred service
pure worship
So what's our takeaway point
When we meditate on Jehovah's handiwork
Whether it's his physical creation
Or it's an aspect of his marvelous spiritual purpose
always
Look for the signature
What has Jehovah caused to become
What does he cause
His loyal servants to become this is Jehovah the creator
Jehovah the Lord give her Jehovah our father our sovereign our judge
What does he cause to become
Think about it meditate because this is going to bring to our hearts this beautiful
Revidential sense of awe for everything associated with Jehovah's name
And then we'll be ready to ask the next question
What role has Jehovah given me in this arrangement
That is where our godly fear
Motivates us to do what ever it is that Jehovah wants us to do
In sacred service and supporting his arrangement
Coming back to where we began
We do this because
We love Jehovah's name and all that it stands for
What an honor it is that we can render Jehovah sacred service with godly fear and awe